- The next we're going to discuss IP address setting in a bit more detail into
- Begin that discussion
- We were going to talk a little more depth about what some of that content is included in the IP pocket headers
- So where we're headed with the IP address thing is after we introduced a bit more detail in the iip had her information
- classless entered interdomain routing Cedar as well as Network address translation
- how addressing works at particularly a couple more sophisticated addressing mechanisms specifically
- and then we're going to talk about for ipv4
- When you talk about IP fragmentation
- there's some Heather information and then there's also a payload
- but it looks like this
- So the IP packet header we've seen this before
- as well as types of service
- with the length of the header is
- at cetera
- sex
- what's included in this Header
- Information would include things like the version of Ip being used to sit before me
- So
- So what are some of those things mean
- So the version number would be encoded with four bits and it would indicate what version of the IP protocols being used
- So this would be necessary to know what other fields to expect
- Cuz it could change
- So typically it's still ipv4
- But increasingly IPv6 going to talk about why things would move to IPv6
- Eventually they had her
- Length would include how many 32-bit words are in the header
- ipv4 header
- which should correspond to 20 byte
- It would typically be 5
- It could be
- then is eight bits in the header and it would allow packets to be treated differently based on what needs are
- the type of service
- More when various IP options are used as though
- along the way as well as for a destination node
- that may be useful for routers to know
- another type type of service criteria
- maybe they're slow delay for audio high bandwidth for a bulk transfer
- for example
- So
- That's receiving information
- So if your other pieces have been the total length corresponding to how big the payload is some additional information for whether the tea packet has been fragmented
- And we're going to talk in more depth about that shortly
- or with the destination IP address is
- some of the other critical information like what the source IP addresses that we talked about previously
- of course
- And then